military vacation is heavily dependent on your duty station, and you do
the status. Typically a seagoing vessel. Say I give you a DDG, for
example. They're too normal. Two big stand down periods, and that's
one during the summer and one during, say, Christmas New Year's. You
typically be allowed thio. Take extensive vacations. You know anywhere
from no leave at all. If you don't want to O r thio say about two
weeks, and you can you know ahead of time whether you will be allowed
to take leave depending on the ship's schedule, of course, and
you can take about two weeks and typically leave is approved, you know
well, ahead of time out say anywhere from to four weeks or 2 to 6
weeks ahead of time, given when the requirements or sit and, uh, you'll
be allowed to go aware of or whenever do whatever you need to use
long as you meet the training requirements and you express your you're
want to go on vacation in a certain area ahead of time. It's all
about planning, to be honest, but if you're in a say a student status
like I am here MPs, um that's a little different. We typically
get to take leave periods during long breaks or in extreme circumstances,
you know, whenever we don't have class, so we're even during class
if it's an emergency.